# UAGAIN SHADOW PARROT GRUB THEME

This folder contains the custom GRUB artwork for the UAgain Shadow
Parrot Theme.

The artwork includes:

grub-16x9

grub-4x3

The two images were intentionally made the same so the boot screen has
the same appearance instead of switching to a different image depending
on the display aspect ratio.

GRUB files are part of the system's boot configuration.

LOCATION:

The GRUB artwork files for this theme are located at:

root/usr/share/desktop-base/parrot-theme/grub

This is the folder where you should make changes to the GRUB artwork
for the UAgain Shadow Parrot Theme.
	
	IMPORTANT:
	
	Do not randomly replace files in other GRUB directories.
	
	First, make a backup of the original files.
	
	If you need administrator permission:
	
	1. Navigate to:
	
	root/usr/share/desktop-base/parrot-theme/grub
	
	2. Right-click inside the folder.
	
	3. Choose:
	
	Open as Administrator
	
	4. Enter your password.
	
	5. Make a backup of the original artwork files.
	
	6. Replace the appropriate image files with the artwork from this theme.
	
	If your system uses a different GRUB theme, the filenames or location
	may be different. The location above is the intended location for this
	UAgain Shadow Parrot Theme pack.
	
	If the GRUB image does not change, check that the active GRUB theme is
	using the files in:
	
	root/usr/share/desktop-base/parrot-theme/grub
	
	Also check the GRUB configuration before replacing files in other
	locations.
	
	After changing the GRUB artwork, the GRUB configuration may need to be
	updated before the new image appears at boot.
	
	IMPORTANT:
	
	Do not delete the entire GRUB theme folder.
	
	Only replace the artwork that this theme pack provides.
	
	ABOUT THE 4:3 IMAGE:
	
	I did not put a separate grub-4x3 image in the main artwork selection
	because it looked weird. Instead, I used the same artwork for the
	images in the folders so the boot screen keeps the same appearance.
	
	If you prefer a different 4:3 image, you can swap it out manually.
	
